Docs/power plots (#91)
SuperDARN/pydarn: docs/user/power.md

### Statistical Power Plots

> `plot_pwr0_statistic` simply plots statistical calculation of `pwr0`, lag 0, in the loaded in RAWACF file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`plot_pwr0_statistic` plots various statistical calculations of `pwr0`, lag 0, in the selected RAWACF file. 
```

Reviewer: Maybe ask Cooper to add a little spiel about why this function is useful and in what cases?

Reviewer: @Cooper10  if you're up for it that is! you're the pro

Basic code to plot lag 0, will plot the mean of `pwr0` for all frequencies at beam 0, from a RAWACF file would look like:
```python
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
import pydarn

file = "20180101.0000.01.rkn.rawacf"
sdarn_read = pydarn.SuperDARNRead(file)
rawacf_data = sdarn_read.read_rawacf()

pydarn.ACF.plot_acfs(rawacf_data)
plt.show()
```  

![](../imgs/power_plot1.png)

You also have access to numerous plotting options:

| Parameter                  | Action                                                   |
| -------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |

> | beam_bum=0                 | beam number to plot                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| beam_num=0                 | beam number to plot                                      |
```

| min_frequency              | minimum Frequency (inclusive) to plot                    |
| max_frequency              | maximum Frequency (inclusive) to plot                    |
| split_frequency            | specific frequency to look for or split between          |
| statistical_method=np.mean | the statistical calculation to apply to the `pwr0` array |

If you want display only one frequency set `min_frequency = max_frequency`:  

```python
import pydarn
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt 

> rawacf_file = 'data/20201001.0200.00.sas.0.rawacf.hdf5'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rawacf_file = '20201001.0200.00.sas.0.rawacf.hdf5'
```

> rawacf_data = pydarn.SuperDARNRead().read_borealis(rawacf_file)

Reviewer: I don't think there was any documentation on read_borealis so might need an info box to say 'to read borealis data we use read_borealis, see more on this at pydarnio docs'?

Author: No this is something I implemented in pyDARN ... we probably should add it in your IO docs.

pydarn.Power.plot_pwr0_statistic(rawacf_data, beam_num=3, min_frequency=10500, max_frequency=10500)
plt.show()
```    
![](../imgs/power_plot2.png)

!!! Warning
    If the radar is running non-normal scan mode then the this may produce a blank plot or raise an error of **No Data Found**. 
    Also, **ROS** superDARN radars will vary slightly in a frequency thus causing issues for picking a specific frequency. 

> You can also split the frequencies to compare by using the `split_frequency`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To compare data above and below a specific frequency, you can compare by using the `split_frequency` option:
```

``` python
import pydarn
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt 

rawacf_file = 'data/20180404.0601.00.lyr.rawacf'
rawacf_data = pydarn.SuperDARNRead(rawacf_file).read_rawacf()
pydarn.Power.plot_pwr0_statistic(rawacf_data, beam_num=15, split_frequency=11000, max_frequency=12000)
plt.show()
```

![](../imgs/power_plot3.png)

!!! Note

>     Depending on the mode that is being ran, type of radar system, and the frequency range you may get this error `plot_exceptions.NoDataFoundError`. Make sure you know your frequency range for your data as there might be data the parameters need to be tweaked a bit.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Depending on the mode that is being run, type of radar system, and the frequency range you may get this error `plot_exceptions.NoDataFoundError`. Make sure you know the frequency range for your data as there might be data at a different frequency range, the parameters just need to be tweaked a bit.  
```
